# linterhub: core component

| Metadata     |                                         |
| ------------ |-----------------------------------------|
| EP           | ep-lh-0017                              |
| Version      | 1                                       |
| Title        | linterhub: core component               |
| Authors      | binore                                  |
| Status       | Draft                                   |

## Abstract

This document describes the structure of core component [`ep-lh-0001`](#related).

## Motivation

Linterhub is a catalog of `linters`. To install, run and process the result of the work you need some software utlities called `core components`. This document describes common concepts for implementing such utilities, argument formats and output.

## Proposal

Linterhub core consists of `core components`. Each core component is responsible for its range of tasks. To separate application logic `strategies` are used. 

## Strategies

`strategy` is a part of the functional responsible for a specific task wih own list of `arguments`. There are some common strategies for all core components like `help` and `version`.

### help

This strategy shows help text with possible strategies and their descriptions.

> Each strategy has own help page. For example, `lhman catalog help` will show help page for `catalog` strategy of `lhman` component.

### version

Returns current component version. 

## Arguments

Each strategy has its own set of command-line arguments. By default, space is used as delimiter between argument and value. The equal sign is also admissible. If an array passed as an argument, then it is recommended to use the comma sign to separate values. In addition, multiple declaration of arguments is allowed as an alternative. Example: `lhman strategy --arg1=value1,value2 --arg2 value1 --arg2=value2`

## List of current components

| Name        | Description     | ep |
| -           | :-:             | -  |
| lhman       | Tool allows to request engine's catalog, install engines and prepare necessary environment | [ep-lh-0009](ep-lh-0009.md) |
| lhexec      | Tool allows to run engine and process result | [ep-lh-0014](ep-lh-0014.md) |
| lhconfig    | Tool allows to create and edit linterhub config file for peoject | [ep-lh-0015](ep-lh-0015.md) |

## Unresolved

- A single way to handle execution errors

## Related

1. [ep-lh-0001](ep-lh-0001.md) - linterhub