ep/lh/ep-lh-0020.md, before:

﻿# linterhub: extra engine data

| Metadata     |                                         |
| ------------ |-----------------------------------------|
| EP           | ep-lh-0020                              |
| Version      | 1                                       |
| Title        | linterhub: extra engine data            |
| Authors      | GlebBerjoskin, binore                   |
| Status       | Draft                                   |

## Abstract

This document describes the structure of extra engine data used in linterhub as mentioned in [`ep-lh-0001`](#related).

## Motivation

There are a lot of engines of different types, launching in different ways and requiring various arguments to run their reporters. The enhancement will unify how extra data about engine is described.

## Proposal

Each engine must have `extr.json` file in JSON Schema format which should describe:

- `pipeline`, `environment` - It makes proper usage of engine possible. Whether to write command-line options before path in engine cli or vice-versa, which prefix to use while launcing engine, how  to launch reporter, what default arguments to use for the command-line options understand how engine could be named.


The visual representation of that file is the following:

```
.
├──id
├──name
├──pipeline/
    ├── cmd
    └── success	
    ...			
└── environment
    ├── executable
    ├── masks
    └── version	

```

### Schema

| Property        | Type     | Required | Description |
| -               | :-:      | :-:      | -           |
| id              | string   | -        | Engine id, case insensitive unique identifier, required only if the engine name is not unique |
| name            | string   | +        | Case sensitive official engine name, may not be unique |
| pipeline        | []object   | +        | Ordered chain of elements, containing command-line options, which allows to get a specific output format after executing |
| environment     | object   | +        | Object, which stores execution information for engine |

### Pipeline

Pipeline is an ordered chain of elements, containing command-line options, which allows to get a specific output format after executing. Elements before engine section will do some preparations for the engine launching; elements after engine section will restruct engine output somehow or change it in any way.

Schema of single element in `pipeline` chain:

| Property    | Type     | Required | Description |
| -           | :-:      | :-:      | -           |
| cmd  		  | string   | -        | The executable string. `Stdout` of previous execution must be passed as `stdin` to next one |
| success     | number   | -        | Success exit code, if not set then it's assumed equal to 0 |

### Environment

This is a JSON Schema object, which store the following information:

| Property    | Type     | Required | Description |
| -           | :-:      | :-:      | -           |
| executable  | string   | -        | The engine executable name, the name that used in the OS may differ from the official name; if not set then assumed that it's equal to engine name |
| masks       | boolean  | -        | Whether filename masks are supported by engine, default is `true` |
| version     | string   | -        | The engine version, equal to the output of version command, it may be used for debugging purposes; by default it's assumed that engine doesn't support that feature |

The corresponding schema is located at [`./schema/extr.json`](#references).

## Example

> Note: already implemented args can be found in the linterhub [repository](#references).

Here is the full example for engine 'enginename'.

```json
{
    "$schema": "https://repometric.github.io/linterhub/schema/extr.json",
    "id": "enginename",
    "name": "enginename",
    "pipeline": [
		{
			"cmd": "prefix",
			"success": 1
		},
		{
			"cmd": "enginename"
		},
		{
			"cmd": "postfix",
			"success": 1
		}
	],
    "environment": {
		"executable": "enginename",
		"masks": false,
		"version": "v1.0.0"
    }
}
```

## Unresolved

## Related

1. [ep-lh-0001](ep-lh-0001.md) - linterhub
2. [ep-lh-0003](ep-lh-0003.md) - linterhub: engine arguments

## References

1. Meta schema <https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/schema/extr.json>
2. Engines <https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/engine/>

Commit message:

Add boolean field engine to pipeline object (#39)

ep/lh/ep-lh-0020.md, after:

﻿# linterhub: extra engine data

| Metadata     |                                         |
| ------------ |-----------------------------------------|
| EP           | ep-lh-0020                              |
| Version      | 1                                       |
| Title        | linterhub: extra engine data            |
| Authors      | GlebBerjoskin, binore                   |
| Status       | Draft                                   |

## Abstract

This document describes the structure of extra engine data used in linterhub as mentioned in [`ep-lh-0001`](#related).

## Motivation

There are a lot of engines of different types, launching in different ways and requiring various arguments to run their reporters. The enhancement will unify how extra data about engine is described.

## Proposal

Each engine must have `extr.json` file in JSON Schema format which should describe:

- `pipeline`, `environment` - It makes proper usage of engine possible. Whether to write command-line options before path in engine cli or vice-versa, which prefix to use while launcing engine, how  to launch reporter, what default arguments to use for the command-line options understand how engine could be named.


The visual representation of that file is the following:

```
.
├──id
├──name
├──pipeline/
    ├── cmd
    ├── engine
    └── success	
    ...			
└── environment
    ├── masks
    └── version	

```

### Schema

| Property        | Type     | Required | Description |
| -               | :-:      | :-:      | -           |
| id              | string   | -        | Engine id, case insensitive unique identifier, required only if the engine name is not unique |
| name            | string   | +        | Case sensitive official engine name, may not be unique |
| pipeline        | []object   | +        | Ordered chain of elements, containing command-line options, which allows to get a specific output format after executing |
| environment     | object   | +        | Object, which stores execution information for engine |

### Pipeline

Pipeline is an ordered chain of elements, containing command-line options, which allows to get a specific output format after executing. Elements before engine section will do some preparations for the engine launching; elements after engine section will restruct engine output somehow or change it in any way.

Schema of single element in `pipeline` chain:

| Property    | Type      | Required | Description |
| -           | :-:       | :-:      | -           |
| cmd  		  | string    | -        | The executable string. `Stdout` of previous execution must be passed as `stdin` to next one |
| success     | number    | -        | Success exit code, if not set then it's assumed equal to 0 |
| engine      | boolean   | -        | Is the command-line option an engine executable name |

### Environment

This is a JSON Schema object, which store the following information:

| Property    | Type     | Required | Description |
| -           | :-:      | :-:      | -           |
| masks       | boolean  | -        | Whether filename masks are supported by engine, default is `true` |
| version     | string   | -        | The engine version, equal to the output of version command, it may be used for debugging purposes; by default it's assumed that engine doesn't support that feature |

The corresponding schema is located at [`./schema/extr.json`](#references).

## Example

> Note: already implemented args can be found in the linterhub [repository](#references).

Here is the full example for engine 'enginename'.

```json
{
    "$schema": "https://repometric.github.io/linterhub/schema/extr.json",
    "id": "enginename",
    "name": "enginename",
    "pipeline": [
		{
			"cmd": "prefix",
			"success": 1
		},
		{
			"cmd": "enginename",
			"engine": true
		},
		{
			"cmd": "postfix",
			"success": 1
		}
	],
    "environment": {
		"masks": false,
		"version": "v1.0.0"
    }
}
```

## Unresolved

## Related

1. [ep-lh-0001](ep-lh-0001.md) - linterhub
2. [ep-lh-0003](ep-lh-0003.md) - linterhub: engine arguments

## References

1. Meta schema <https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/schema/extr.json>
2. Engines <https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/engine/>
