# linterhub

| Metadata     |                                         |
| ------------ |-----------------------------------------|
| EP           | ep-lh-0001                              |
| Version      | 1                                       |
| Title        | linterhub                               |
| Authors      | xferra                                  |
| Status       | Draft                                   |

# Abstract

This document introduces [`linterhub`](#references) - hub of [linters](#references).

In other words it is a catalog of tools for static code analysis ('code quality checker', 'code analysis tool', 'linter') and in scope of this project they will memtioned only as `linter`.

Linrts analyze source code to flag programming errors, bugs, stylistic errors, and suspicious constructs or calculate different metrics. They are mosty used to evaluate or maintain [software quality](#references).

# Motivation

The main purpose of the linterhub is to have a central information resource for everything related to linters. linterhub will also unify the way how linters are described. The parts of the enhancement that will be built out first:
- structure of the catalog and data formats
- components and schemas

# Proposal

## Structure and formats

The proposal is to have a [`linterhub`](#references) repository as a storage; and all information about each linter will be stored inside folder with the same name as linter. 

> Note: In order to use comsistent terminology this folder and it's content is called `linterhub engine` or just `engine`.  

This is the proposed structure:

```
.
├── engine/
|   ├── enginename1/
|   |   ├── args.json
|   |   ├── deps.json
|   |   └── meta.json
|   └── enginename2/
|       ├── args.json
|       ├── deps.json
|       ├── licence.txt
|       └── meta.json
└── schema/
    ├── args.json
    ├── deps.json
    └── meta.json
```

An overview of what each of these does:

| Path                  | Description |
| -                     | -           |
| `/engine/`            | The root folder for all engines, each engine is isolated in a subfolder |
| `/engine/engineid/`   | Folder where all information about engine is stored |
| `/schema/`            | Central place for all schemas and specifications that are used in linterhub |

The `enginename` identifier should be unique and should be equeal to the original tool name.

> NOTE: The lowercase form of this name means `engine id`, while `engine name` is the original tool name in lowercase.

## Components and schemas

All files that describe the engine are `engine components` and it should be in a form of [`JSON`](#references) and/or [`JSON Schema`](#references). Any other data may be stored in engine folder in any format, it is not prohibited.

Each engine must have the following components (detailed explanation in a separate [EPs](#related)):
- [`meta`](#related) - meta-information about original tool: name, license, etc.
- [`args`](#related) - schema of arguments that allows configuring how engine executed
- [`deps`](#related) - the list of runtime dependencies for engine

> Note: Each component has a corresponding JSON schema and it's recommended to explicitly specify it. It may also enable json validation and autocompletion on the fly.

# Unresolved

- engine name conflicts
- engine and schema versioning

# Related

1. [ep-lh-0002](ep-lh-0002.md) - linterhub: engine metadata
2. [ep-lh-0003](ep-lh-0003.md) - linterhub: engine arguments
3. [ep-lh-0004](ep-lh-0004.md) - linterhub: engine dependencies

# References

1. linterhub repository https://github.com/repometric/linterhub
2. linterhub engines https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/engine
3. linterhub schemas https://github.com/repometric/linterhub/tree/master/schema
4. JSON https://www.json.org
5. JSON Schema http://json-schema.org
