ep/lh/README.md, before:

# ep-lh

This directory holds Enhancement Proposals for [linterhub](https://github.com/repometric/linterhub). You can read more about EPs
in the [ep-0001](../ep-0001.md) document.

## Index

|       Filename              |       Title                      |                    Description                         |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| [ep-lh-0001](ep-lh-0001.md) | linterhub                        | This EP describes linterhub as a central place for engines |
| [ep-lh-0002](ep-lh-0002.md) | linterhub: engine metadata       | This EP defines a schema of engine metadata |
| [ep-lh-0003](ep-lh-0003.md) | linterhub: engine arguments      | This EP defines a schema of engine command line arguments |
| [ep-lh-0004](ep-lh-0004.md) | linterhub: engine dependencies   | This EP defines a schema of engine dependencies |
| [ep-lh-0005](ep-lh-0005.md) | linterhub: working process       | This EP describes the working proces, organisational agreements and important parts of the infrastructure |
| [ep-lh-0006](ep-lh-0006.md) | linterhub: extending process     | This EP describes how to add or update engines |
| [ep-lh-0007](ep-lh-0007.md) | linterhub: release process       | This EP describes how the new version of the catalog is released |
| [ep-lh-0008](ep-lh-0008.md) | linterhub: web ui                | This EP describes the functionality of web ui for the catalog |
| [ep-lh-0009](ep-lh-0009.md) | linterhub: lhman                 | This EP describes the functionality of dependency manager of the catalog |
| [ep-lh-0010](ep-lh-0010.md) | linterhub: maintenance process   | This EP describes how to maintain the catalog in actual state |
| [ep-lh-0011](ep-lh-0011.md) | linterhub: programming languages | This EP describes how to get the list of the supported linters' languages and their extensions |
| [ep-lh-0012](ep-lh-0012.md) | linterhub: software licenses     | This EP describes how to get the list of the supported linters' licenses |
| [ep-lh-0013](ep-lh-0013.md) | linterhub: package managers      | This EP describes how to use engine with its package managers |
| [ep-lh-0014](ep-lh-0014.md) | linterhub: lhexec                | This EP describes the functionality of engine executor |
| [ep-lh-0015](ep-lh-0015.md) | linterhub: lhconfig              | This EP describes the functionality of config manager of the linterhub |
| [ep-lh-0016](ep-lh-0016.md) | linterhub: wrappers              | This EP describes structure of linterhub core wrappers |
| [ep-lh-0017](ep-lh-0017.md) | linterhub: core component        | This EP describes abstract linterhub core component |
| [ep-lh-0018](ep-lh-0018.md) | linterhub: engine output         | This EP describes the structure of engine output |
| [ep-lh-0019](ep-lh-0019.md) | -                                | - |
| [ep-lh-0020](ep-lh-0020.md) | linterhub: extra engine data     | This EP defines a schema of extra engine data |
| [ep-lh-0021](ep-lh-0021.md) | linterhub: reporter file         | This EP describes reporter file |

Commit message:

Add ep-lh-0019: configuration file (#22)

ep/lh/README.md, after:

# ep-lh

This directory holds Enhancement Proposals for [linterhub](https://github.com/repometric/linterhub). You can read more about EPs
in the [ep-0001](../ep-0001.md) document.

## Index

|       Filename              |       Title                      |                    Description                         |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| [ep-lh-0001](ep-lh-0001.md) | linterhub                        | This EP describes linterhub as a central place for engines |
| [ep-lh-0002](ep-lh-0002.md) | linterhub: engine metadata       | This EP defines a schema of engine metadata |
| [ep-lh-0003](ep-lh-0003.md) | linterhub: engine arguments      | This EP defines a schema of engine command line arguments |
| [ep-lh-0004](ep-lh-0004.md) | linterhub: engine dependencies   | This EP defines a schema of engine dependencies |
| [ep-lh-0005](ep-lh-0005.md) | linterhub: working process       | This EP describes the working proces, organisational agreements and important parts of the infrastructure |
| [ep-lh-0006](ep-lh-0006.md) | linterhub: extending process     | This EP describes how to add or update engines |
| [ep-lh-0007](ep-lh-0007.md) | linterhub: release process       | This EP describes how the new version of the catalog is released |
| [ep-lh-0008](ep-lh-0008.md) | linterhub: web ui                | This EP describes the functionality of web ui for the catalog |
| [ep-lh-0009](ep-lh-0009.md) | linterhub: lhman                 | This EP describes the functionality of dependency manager of the catalog |
| [ep-lh-0010](ep-lh-0010.md) | linterhub: maintenance process   | This EP describes how to maintain the catalog in actual state |
| [ep-lh-0011](ep-lh-0011.md) | linterhub: programming languages | This EP describes how to get the list of the supported linters' languages and their extensions |
| [ep-lh-0012](ep-lh-0012.md) | linterhub: software licenses     | This EP describes how to get the list of the supported linters' licenses |
| [ep-lh-0013](ep-lh-0013.md) | linterhub: package managers      | This EP describes how to use engine with its package managers |
| [ep-lh-0014](ep-lh-0014.md) | linterhub: lhexec                | This EP describes the functionality of engine executor |
| [ep-lh-0015](ep-lh-0015.md) | linterhub: lhconfig              | This EP describes the functionality of config manager of the linterhub |
| [ep-lh-0016](ep-lh-0016.md) | linterhub: wrappers              | This EP describes structure of linterhub core wrappers |
| [ep-lh-0017](ep-lh-0017.md) | linterhub: core component        | This EP describes abstract linterhub core component |
| [ep-lh-0018](ep-lh-0018.md) | linterhub: engine output         | This EP describes the structure of engine output |
| [ep-lh-0019](ep-lh-0019.md) | linterhub: configuration file    | This EP describes the configuration file |
| [ep-lh-0020](ep-lh-0020.md) | linterhub: extra engine data     | This EP defines a schema of extra engine data |
| [ep-lh-0021](ep-lh-0021.md) | linterhub: reporter file         | This EP describes reporter file |
